*@notdaine*
Spread the love spread the vibe
i cant believe my lore I was 19 opening for charli xcx
YES I’M AN INDUSTRY PLANT WHO CARES
SYDNEY MY SET IS 8PM TONIGHT SEE YOU SOON
can you guess the feature on my unreleased track
i am just trying to make refreshing music. that’s the whole goal. because that’s what i want to listen to
Flaxseed meal changed my life
My ex used to say i’m. like drake as a female
gonna start thirst trapping and also being more machiavellian. as a treat for being a sweetie
around this time in 2024 i was having a seizure in hospital after trying to take my life. cut to 2026 and ive started my first album roll out and it’s so much brighter & better than i could’ve expected.🪷 it happens like magic🪷do not give up🍀
*@darcyebaylis*
we are all just stems in this beautiful project file called Life
it feels like im a cartoon ant travelling the world with all of my earthly possessions fitting into a single suitcase rn
the best part of being on tour? getting to discover new styles of Spaghetti Bolognaise every damn day
you’re 15 years old. you spent the weekend busking so you could afford a Laneway ticket. You really want to see Washed Out but they clash with SBTRKT. You have a fresh Ben Sherman buttoned all the way up and a new pair of Cheap Mondays. There’s no school on Monday. Life is good
Even when it gets hard it’s so fun to be me
Define the Great Line by Underoath had such a profound impact on me as a kid that despite coming from an atheist family I briefly converted to Christianity, asked my mum for a bible for my birthday and started attending church with a Christian kid at my school
you met me at a very Darcy time in my life
emo music and all its associated forms has altered my life in ways I never thought possible
the realest thing about me is I gaf
the best art is made by people who are willing to embarrass themselves
i’m an addict for dramatics i confuse the two for love
*@carolinecalloway*
I'm a 34 year old teenage girl in NYC. And yes this rage bait btw
It's important to include a dead one when you put flowers in your hair because that's how people know they're real
Wearing an outfit today that my ex would've hated. I got this feeling on a summer day that I don’t miss being punished for being myself AT ALL
He’d call it being “spacious, gracious, and gentle” and the metric of whether or not I had succeeded at each social event was how often he had heard my voice. Make no noise that night? Good mood when we were finally alone. Cuddles and praise and security. Laugh or yap or god forbid get too excited about something and do it in a way that draws attention to myself? Icy, surly, silent treatment that would last for DAYS. But the real villain here is myself because I stayed until he dumped **ME** jfc still unpacking this
At the stage in the break up where I can't use make up or I'll cry it all off. Been a solid three weeks since I last used mascara
Did someone say gold medals? Yeah. I did. Because I’m in total control of this narrative flow and I want to make story dumps “a thing.”
I’ve been in a total love bubble at the beach all weekend with nary a thought in my pretty little head about whether or not my phone was charged or what happens after Monday. Now it’s fucking Monday. HELLO.
OMG GUYS I LITERALLY FUCKED THE UNITED HEALTHCARE CEO ASSASSIN
*@photographicmemory*
I could never trust a gluten free mf. fym you allergic to the bread?
Angelina Jolie as that baddie fish in Shark Tale 😮‍💨
Writing a new song on acoustic today
*@ninajirachi*
australia tour starts this week which songs am i playing .   .    .       .         .
24 hours in london thank you meltdown festival :D
the power just went out mid set lol but everyone kept singing (╥ ᴗ ╥)
always at the desk in the dark xx
my friends are my heroes and my heroes are my friends 😭😭😭😭💙💙💙💙
i want to sing live but its gonna sound Bad
i’ve never been to coachella
*@avgcowgirl*
you can't break a man's will with beautiful pink p$ssy
I need to stop dating liberals!!
I change my entire personality every single day
whores for Christ
why are all men gay?
